[Modal] Add transition documentation (#17059)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/modal/modal.md

Notice that you can disable the outline (often blue or gold) with the `outline: 0` CSS property.

## Transitions

The open/close state of the modal can be animated with a transition component.
This component should respect the following conditions:

- Be a direct child descendent of the modal.

> - Have an `in` prop. It corresponds to the open/close state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have an `in` prop. This corresponds to the open / close state.
```

- Call the `onEnter` callback prop when the enter transition starts.
- Call the `onExited` callback prop when the exit transition is completed.
These two callbacks allow the modal to unmount the child content when closed and fully transitioned.

> We have a built-in support for [react-transition-group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modal has built-in support for [react-transition-group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group).
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/modal/TransitionsModal.js"}}

> Alternatively, you can use [react-string](https://github.com/react-spring/react-spring).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use [react-spring](https://github.com/react-spring/react-spring).
```

## Server-side modal

React [doesn't support](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/13097) the [`createPortal()`](https://reactjs.org/docs/portals.html) API on the server.

> In order to display see the modal, you need to disable the portal feature with the `disablePortal` prop:

Reviewer: 'display' or 'see'?

Author: I think that see is better in this context.
